Ex0dus

“Nothing is more powerful than an idea whose time has come.”
- Victor Hugo

A network of greedy institutions has ruled over Cash Land for almost a 
thousand years. Many tried to abandon it by building vessels on their 
own, but several have failed in the works. It is common knowledge that 
One, an exceptional visionary, had the theoretical and practical 
understanding of craftsmanship what it takes to build a vessel that can 
endure the rough waters. One proposed a design that - maybe even 
unknowingly to One - has made an unprecedented change possible. The 
opposition was imminent.

At this point, Captain One decided to explore the uncharted waters and 
search for a new block of land, far away from the misery. Fortunately, 
there were many undiscovered sectors in the ocean of deep. Carving the 
One name to a little Bit of new land in the wide horizon was a vast 
relief to numerous new explorers, too. "Yes, yes!" - they looked around. 
"This is the zeroth-day of our thriving. We'll be happy here." Thereby 
the ex0dus began.

Captain of Chaos, your objective is to obtain the knowledge what makes 
you worthy to open the vault of One's land. Along with your journey, you 
might come across others in pursuit, be the first, and you get a special 
prize. If you find the bonus treasure somewhere in the meantime, claim 
it. There is a wise man in the back of your vessel (calls himself by the 
name of Immánuel Fodor), and he can help you with 4 clues to solve the 
mystery.
Attachment

thepromisedland.jpg https://fodor.it/thepromisedland-jpg
thepromisedland.kdbx https://fodor.it/thepromisedland-kdbx

